PAGE 1


Cover Letter Samples

University of Central Florida 
https://academicsuccess.ucf.edu › sites › 2021/09
PDF
The following cover letters were developed to help UCF students to better compete for internships and co-ops. Please use these examples to create your own ...
People also ask
What is an example of a cover letter?
How do you write a cover letter?
What to write in a work cover letter?
What do you usually say in a cover letter?
Feedback
Cover Letter Samples and Templates

Indeed
https://www.indeed.com › career-advice › cover-letter-sa...
Browse Indeed's library of free cover letter examples, templates and advice. Customize professional cover letter samples by job title based on your needs.
Office Assistant
Executive Cover Letter...
Banker Cover Letter Example...
Server
My Guide To Writing A Killer Cover Letter : r/datascience

Reddit · r/datascience
140+ comments · 3 years ago
Avoid jargon and get specific. Half the words, twice the examples. Ideally with a few numbers sprinkled in. Quick Note: The summary statement is ...
Show me a Cover Letter that got you hired! : r ...
204 posts
Dec 18, 2024
I use this simple Cover letter template every time and it ...
11 posts
May 14, 2025
More results from www.reddit.com
Sample Cover Letters - Career Development Center

Oregon State University
https://career.oregonstate.edu › resumes-cvs-cover-letters
See below for a cover letter template you can adapt to suit your own experiences and the jobs you are applying for.
Discussions and forums
Show me a Cover Letter that got you hired!

Reddit · 
r/jobsearchhacks
 · 
200+ comments
 · 
7 months ago
 · 
Anyone have a great example I can turn into my own? Upvote  
More
what does a good cover letter look like?

Career Village · 
10+ answers
 · 
11 months ago
 · 
What is the best cover letter you have ever read or written?

Quora · 
10+ answers
 · 
4 years ago
 · 
See more
Images
60+ Cover Letter Examples in 2025 [For All Professions]
60+ Cover Letter Examples in 2025 [For All Professions]

Novoresume
Best Cover Letter Examples for Any Job in 2025
Best Cover Letter Examples for Any Job in 2025

CV Genius
Generic Cover Letter Examples & Templates (2025)
Generic Cover Letter Examples & Templates (2025)

My Perfect Resume
200+ Professional Cover Letter Examples (& templates)
200+ Professional Cover Letter Examples (& templates)

Resume Genius
How to Write a Good Cover Letter for a Job or Internship
How to Write a Good Cover Letter for a Job or Internship

Resume Help
8 Professional College Cover Letter Examples and Template ...
8 Professional College Cover Letter Examples and Template ...

Enhancv
Show more images
Cover Letter Examples - Resume Genius

Resume Genius
https://resumegenius.com › cover-letter-examples
cover letter examples from resumegenius.com
Jan 5, 2025 — Our cover letter examples were created by career experts for students and job seekers of every experience level. All templates are free to ...
4.2(75)
Receptionist
General Cover Letter
Housekeeping Cover Letter
CIA Cover Letter
Generic Cover Letter Examples & Templates (2025)

MyPerfectResume
https://www.myperfectresume.com › ... › How-To
cover letter examples from www.myperfectresume.com
Apr 24, 2025 — A generic cover letter showcases your qualifications to an employer when there are no job openings. Use our tips and examples for a great ...
4.4(103)
Sample Cover Letters | Columbia Career Education

Columbia Career Education
https://www.careereducation.columbia.edu › resources
Look through these sample cover letters to get an idea of what to include in your letter. Do not copy them directly!


PAGE 2
Free printable cover letter templates you ... - Canva

Canva
https://www.canva.com › Letter templates
cover letter examples from www.canva.com
Get closer to snagging your dream job with Canva's cover letter examples from free templates you can personalize and print to fit any job or industry.
what does a good cover letter look like?

CareerVillage
https://www.careervillage.org › questions › what-does-a-...
Jul 29, 2024 — Cover letters should include information about yourself and why you are interested in the specific position you are applying to. The indeed link ...
11 answers
 
·
 
Top answer: 
Writing a good cover letter is crucial for making a strong first impression. Here are ...
What is the most unique cover letter you have ever seen?

Quora
1 answer · 2 years ago
I am sharing an effective template for writing a cover letter. You can make edits to this according to your experience, and knowledge and use it as a base.
1 answer
 
·
 
Top answer: 
Many people do not realize the importance of writing a cover letter or they do not know how to write one properly. I am sharing an effective template ...
Cover Letter Examples and Guide - Cornell Engineering

Cornell Engineering
https://www.engineering.cornell.edu › cover-letter-exa...
Cover letter guide and examples for Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Civil Engineering, Finance, Consulting and Research ...
Cover Letter Guidelines and Samples

Wellesley
https://careereducation.wellesley.edu › resources › cove...
Grab the employer's attention! Provide a brief introduction that includes the title of the position, who you are, and a thesis statement highlighting how your ...
Writing Cover Letters - UW-Madison Writing Center

The Writing Center – University of Wisconsin–Madison
https://writing.wisc.edu › handbook › coverletters
What is a cover letter? · What to include in a cover letter · How to organize a cover letter · Questions to guide your writing · How to format a cover letter
Cover Letter Samples
Career Center - UC Davis
https://careercenter.ucdavis.edu › resumes-and-materials
Cover Letter Samples · STEM Cover Letter Sample with Position Description · STDT Cover Letter · Environmental Scientist Resume and Cover Letter Matching ...
Free cover letter templates

Microsoft
https://create.microsoft.com › Home › Grow a business
These free cover letter templates are perfect for any stage of your career, whether you're looking to land an internship or your dream job.
Cover Letters - UCSC Career Success

UCSC Career Success
https://careers.ucsc.edu › resume_cover_letters › coverltr
Jun 5, 2025 — A cover letter is a one page, 3-4 paragraph "cover page" for your application and a writing sample for the employer.
How do I write a cover letter? - Application and interview tips

Prosple Forum
https://forum.prosple.com › how-do-i-write-a-cover-letter
May 29, 2024 — A cover letter is a one-page document that you attach to your resume to introduce yourself to a hiring company.


PAGE 3
Can you provide some examples of cover letters or job ...

Quora
1 answer · 12 months ago
Keep it factual and easy to read, with the common format: Name and Contact information, Education and skills, Experience in reverse ...
Cover Letter Resources - University Career Center

University Career Center
https://careercenter.umich.edu › content › cover-letter-r...
cover letter examples from careercenter.umich.edu
Tell the employer your story: describe your qualifications for the type of position you seek using specific examples from academic, work, volunteer, and/or co- ...
Cover Letters | Prepare | CCES

Miami University
https://miamioh.edu › centers-institutes › career-center
cover letter examples from miamioh.edu
Cover Letter Examples. Cover letters should convey that you have an understanding of what the position requires (usually described in the job description) ...
60+ Cover Letter Examples in 2025 [For All ...

Novorésumé
https://novoresume.com › Career Blog
cover letter examples from novoresume.com
Feb 17, 2025 — Professional, job-winning cover letter examples for different fields. Learn why they stand out, and create your own with our killer cover ...
3.9(4,919)
Cover Letter

UCSD Career Center
https://career.ucsd.edu › succeed-search › cover-letter
For example, you could say: "I'm passionate about [Company]'s mission and would love to bring my [add your awesome skills here] to this position." You can also ...
Cover Letter Writing: Northwestern Career Advancement

Northwestern University
https://www.northwestern.edu › careers › jobs-internships
Sample Cover Letters ... A cover letter introduces you to a potential employer and should accompany your résumé unless the employer requests otherwise. You should ...
Cover Letters | Career and Professional Success

University of New Hampshire
https://www.unh.edu › career › resources › cover-letters
Cover Letter Samples. Presentation. Use simple, direct language and correct grammar; Letters should be flawless ― no typos or spelling errors; Single-space your ...
Cover Letter Examples

The University of Arizona
https://career.arizona.edu › resources › cover-letter-exam...
Use these student cover letter examples as a guide for formatting and general writing guidelines. Each example includes a copy of the job description.
How to write an effective cover letter (with samples)

Massachusetts Institute of Technology
https://capd.mit.edu › resources › how-to-write-an-effec...
An effective cover letter is directed towards a specific position or company, and describes examples from your experience that highlight your skills related to ...
Cover Letter Advice

NukeWorker.com
https://www.nukeworker.com › forum
Jul 27, 2013 — Dear [EMPLOYER], I would like to express my interest in [SOME POSITION] at [COMPANY]. Although I've explored many options in my job search, I've ...


PAGE 4
Cover Letters - Career Center

Santa Clara University
https://www.scu.edu › careercenter › toolkit › coverletters
cover letter examples from www.scu.edu
Examples by Style: “T” Cover Letter Example · Bullet Point Cover Letter Example. Examples by Major: Accounting · Electrical Engineering · Engineering · Finance ...
Cover Letters
Career Center - UC Davis
https://careercenter.ucdavis.edu › resumes-and-materials
Sep 3, 2024 — Cover letters are a way to create a personalized statement that explains how you as the applicant meet the needs of the employer.
Cover Letter

Penn State Student Affairs
https://studentaffairs.psu.edu › marketing-materials › cov...
Sample Cover Letter. Use these samples to get started formatting your own cover letter. Make sure to tailor each and every cover letter to maximize the effect.
Cover Letter Resources

University of Maryland
https://careers.umd.edu › resumes-cover-letters › cover-...
Sample Structure of a Cover Letter · Date [Your Name] · Dear [Individual's Name OR · Introductory Paragraph · Body Paragraphs: There isn't a perfect amount of body ...
How to Write a Cover Letter That Sounds Like YOU (and Gets ...

YouTube · Harvard Business Review
142.2K+ views · 1 year ago

8:01
I'm submitting my cover letter along with my resume to apply for the Apple Specialist role. Wish me luck.

17 key moments in this video
Sample Cover Letter
The Career Center | UIUC
https://careercenter.illinois.edu › default › files › S...
PDF
SAMPLE COVER LETTER. JOB TITLE. Student Summer Intern. JOB DESCRIPTION. This section is intended to give applicants an overview of the position. Example:.
350+ Free Cover Letters Examples by Job [Full Guides]

Resume.io
https://resume.io › cover-letter-examples
Our free cover letter examples + expert guides are packed with useful tips and the best practices for getting hired in dozens of industries.
Example Cover Letter - UO Career Center - University of Oregon

University of Oregon Career Center
https://career.uoregon.edu › resumes-and-cover-letters
This section allows you to elaborate on what you have to offer the employer—your skills, experience, knowledge, expertise, work characteristics and qualities, ...
Cover Letters | Cawley Career Education Center

Cawley Career Education Center
https://careercenter.georgetown.edu › cover-letters
Sample Cover Letters. Download our sample cover letter to see a properly formatted, well-written example of a successful cover letter. To see additional cover ...
How to Write a Cover Letter That Sounds Like You (and ...

Harvard Business Review
https://hbr.org › 2022/05 › how-to-write-a-cover-letter-...
May 10, 2022 — Do the research, start off strong, and emphasize your value.


PAGE 5
Cover Letter Examples, Free & Editable Templates

Adobe
https://www.adobe.com › express › discover › cover-let...
From short and snappy to colourful and creative, our expert cover letter examples can help you stand out from the crowd.
Cover Letter Samples

Career Center | Tufts University
https://careers.tufts.edu › resources › cover-letter-samples
Check out these sample letters to get a sense of how fellow Jumbos have conveyed relevant skills, interests, and experiences to potential employers.
Cover Letters & Letters of Inquiry

James Madison University
https://www.jmu.edu › career › students › career-prep
The most effective cover letters are clear, concise, and convey messages in three to five paragraphs. Your letter should not exceed one page in length. Examples.
900+ Cover Letter Examples for Any Job & Experience Level

JobHero
https://www.jobhero.com › Cover Letter
Give your application a little more power with our cover letter samples. Find hundreds of cover letter examples written by certified resume writers.
4.2(455)
How To Write a Cover Letter (With Examples and Tips)

Indeed
https://www.indeed.com › ... › Resumes & cover letters
Jun 9, 2025 — How to write a cover letter in 6 steps · 1. Start with your header · 2. Include a greeting · 3. Write an opening paragraph · 4. Add a second ...
Cover Letter Samples - ECU Career Services

Career Services | ECU
https://career.ecu.edu › ... › Resumes & Cover Letters
Below are some sample letters to help get started: Communication Cover Letter, Graphic Design Cover Letter-Email, Journalism Cover Letter, Nursing Cover Letter.
Cover Letter Examples for Any Job or Industry (2025)

MyPerfectResume
https://www.myperfectresume.com › cover-letter › exa...
Browse the best cover letter examples for any job, industry, or career level. Easily customize and download our professional samples and get hired faster.
4.1(281)
AI Cover Letter Generator

Grammarly
https://www.grammarly.com › ai-writing-tools › cover-le...
Find inspiration in these cover letter examples. These cover letter examples were created with Grammarly's AI writing assistance. You can adjust any drafts ...
4.6(176,200) · Free · ‎Business/Productivity
Cover Letters - Career Center

Boston College
https://www.bc.edu › sites › careers › jobs-internships
Use specific examples to show the employer how you have gained each qualification. Keep it short. Your cover letter should be no longer than one page and should ...
Cover Letters

Monster Jobs
https://www.monster.com › career-advice › cover-letters
No job application is complete without a well-written cover letter. From sample cover letters to writing tips, Monster's career experts have you covered!